# Project-3
  In this project, our group analyzed a dataset relating diabetes to other leading health indicators. The source of that data set is a health-related telephone survey conducted annually by the CDC known as the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS). This survey collects responses from approximately 400,000 Americans on health related-risk behaviors, chronic health conditions, and the use of preventative services. The specific dataset used for our project (link below) was from 2015. The entire dataset was comprised in 3 separate CSV files. In order to avoid scope creep, we focused our attention on the file containing a 50/50 split of respondents with no diabetes and with either prediabetes or diabetes. This file had 70,692 survey responses and had 21 feature variables.
  Our goal for this project was to better understand what risk factors are most predictive of diabetes risk. We began this process with the Jupyter file called Diabetes Health Indicators analysis. Within this file you will find a breakdown of the dataset as a whole. It goes into great detail while exploring the correlation between the different risk factors and diabetes. Next, we created 3 different views on the issue. The High Cholesterol and High Blood Pressure view can be found in the Cholesterol_BloodPressure_Analysis file, while the BMI view can be found in the Diabetes_BMI_Analysis file. Both of these Jupyter Notebooks breakdown these three views by gauging how correlated they are with diabetes diagnoses. They also contain several visualizations to make the findings easily understandable.
  As for any research and project, ethical considerations were carefully undertaken for ours. We browsed through many datasets before settling on this one, and the decision to choose it directly related to ethics. We liked the fact that this file was broken into a 50/50 split, with binary as the response type. That allowed us to purely judge the dataset by the data and not by other extraneous factors or biases. We operated under the belief that our project was completely ethical from start to finish.
  In order to better analyze the data, we went outside our normal class syllabus and researched new ways to visualize data. We found two python libraries that were not shown in class: Seaborn and iPy Widgets (references below). Seaborn was instrumental in allowing us to visualize the data in the most efficient and visually appealing way possible. With iPY Widgets, we were able to make our visualizations interactive within the Jupyter notebook.

References:
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/alexteboul/diabetes-health-indicators-dataset?resource=download - dataset
https://seaborn.pydata.org/ - Seaborn
https://ipywidgets.readthedocs.io/en/stable/examples/Widget%20List.html - iPy Widgets
